Added link to the tauri cli for the 'Writing a Plugin' doc (#1261)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/features/plugin.md

Plugins are reusable extensions to the Tauri API that solve common problems. They are also a very convenient way to structure your code base!

> If you intend to share your plugin with others, we provide a ready-made template! With the Tauri's [CLI](https://tauri.app/v1/api/cli/) installed just run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to share your plugin with others, we provide a ready-made template! With Tauri's [CLI](../../api/cli.md)installed just run:
```
